add page for JuliaDYnamics in GSOC (#1224)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: jsoc/gsoc/juliadynamics.md

[DynamicalSystems.jl](https://juliadynamics.github.io/DynamicalSystems.jl/latest/) is an [award-winning](https://dsweb.siam.org/The-Magazine/Article/winners-of-the-dsweb-2018-software-contest)
Julia software library for dynamical systems, nonlinear dynamics, deterministic chaos and nonlinear timeseries analysis.
It has an impressive list of features, but one can never have enough. In this project students will be able to
enrich DynamicalSystems.jl with new algorithms and enrich their knowledge of nonlinear dynamics and computer-assisted
exploration of complex systems.

Possible projects are summarized in the [wanted-features of the library](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+repo%3AJuliaDynamics%2FChaosTools.jl+repo%3AJuliaDynamics%2FDynamicalSystemsBase.jl+repo%3AJuliaDynamics%2FDelayEmbeddings.jl+repo%3AJuliaDynamics%2FRecurrenceAnalysis.jl+repo%3AJuliaDynamics%2FDynamicalSystems.jl+label%3A%22wanted+feature%22+)

Examples include but are are not limited to:

@@tight-list
- Nonlinear local Lyapunov exponents
- Final state sensitivity and fractal basin boundaries
- Kolmogorov-Sinai entropy
- Importance sampling for chaotic systems
@@

and many more.

> **Necessary Skills**: Familiarity nonlinear dynamics and/or differential equations and the Julia language.

Author: ```suggestion
**Recommended Skills**: Familiarity with nonlinear dynamics and/or differential equations and the Julia language.
```
